By Purchasing You Will Agree To The following:-

1. Eligibility
You must be at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction to purchase an account from us. 
By purchasing, you confirm that you meet this requirement.

2. Account Purchase and Ownership
Upon purchasing an account, you will receive login credentials and full access to the account. 
Ownership of the account [id-pass] is transferred to you upon completion of the transaction. However, all accounts are sold "as-is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied.

3. Usage Restrictions
You agree not to use the account for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. 
We are not responsible for any consequences resulting from your use of the account.

4. Payment
All sales are final. Payments must be made in full at the time of purchase. 
No refunds, exchanges, or cancellations are allowed once the purchase is complete.

5. Limited Support
We offer support for issues directly related to account access at the time of purchase. 
This support is available for a limited duration. For any problems or concerns, please contact us within 24 hours of purchase.

6. Replacement Policy
In the unlikely event that an account is not functional at the time of purchase, you may be eligible for a one-time replacement. 
This is only valid if the issue is reported within 24 hours of purchase. Please note, replacements are at our sole discretion, and no guarantees are made as well as committed made at the time of purchase willnot be valid.

7. Limitation of Liability
We are not liable for any damages or losses arising from your use of the account. 
Our liability, if any, is limited to the amount paid for the account.

8.Refund Policy
	
*Eligibility for Refund
		
	Refund requests must be submitted within 24 hours of purchase.
	To request a refund,contact us within this 48-hour window.
	
*Condition of Account/Softwares

	The account must be returned in the exact condition it was provided.
	The only acceptable change to the account is the password.
	Any other modifications, including but not limited to changes in account details, linked information, or usage history, will void the refund eligibility.
  The only acceptable reason in software is rather if software is crashed or not working.

	Refund Process

	Once your refund request is received and the account is verified to meet the above conditions, your refund will be processed.
	Refunds will be issued using the same payment method used for the original purchase.

*Non-Refundable Situations

	Requests made after 48 hours of purchase are not eligible for a refund.
	Accounts that have been altered beyond the password change will not qualify for a refund.
  If the situation dosent meet the condition above then it will not qualify for a refund.

*Final Decision

	We reserve the right to make the final decision regarding refund eligibility.


9. Termination of Access
We reserve the right to terminate your access to the account at any time without notice if we suspect any breach of these Terms.

10. Amendments
We may modify these Terms at any time. 
It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically. Continued use of the account constitutes acceptance of the updated Terms.
